To-Do.md, before:

# Prioties
-   Identify why there is data duplication in Rover TM '190809 - PAN_FIT_01'
-   Plot these results.
-   Look into the best use of the Pandas Int64 and how best to draw missing data. 

## Nice to haves
-   Generate HK Ess and Non-Ess Calibrated for the rest of the variables
-   Replace Temperature calibrations with a dictionary
-   Read in calibraitons from files rather than stored in software
-   Guareenteed way to distinguish between WAC and HRC CRs with just TM
-	Look into converting into archive database
-	Is it possible to heavily compress raw data
-   Set errors between 0 and 1 for a clear view
-   Plot points rather than lines
-   Scroll bar for viewing
-   Save all plots
-   Create a calculation array that stores useful temps, voltages, HRC etc.
-   Look at creating a nice interface for it all
-   A general log processing output that has all the text statements I've created stored in a log file.
-   Break into powered chunks that can be easily navigated
-   Also look for PanCam service errors such as 5,2

-   Setup PEP8 tools and ensure code is up to standard. 

## Completed
-   Integrate with git and visual code
-   Make pickle files have data and time tags error with first file created.
-   Go through File Parser and make consolidated up to image processing
-   For reading STDRaw files order is not sequential but 0, 1, 10, 11, 2, 20 etc. 
-   Generate HK Ess and Non-Ess RAW
-   Ensure comments label all parameters
-   Update decodeRAW_ImgHDR with new function
-   Switch from os module to the new python path module
-	Allow functions to check if a valid pickle file is found
-   Generate HK Ess and Non-Ess Calibrated for Key Variables
-   Change labels from 0,1,2,3 to WACL, WACR etc.

Commit message:

Corrected Error in Cal_HK FileParser modified for new function interface HaImageProc additional warning logging added Rover Power plot now only plots extracted data if not empty. This version was used to analyse all the TVAC functional tests.

To-Do.md, after:

# Prioties
-   Identify why there is data duplication in Rover TM '190809 - PAN_FIT_01'
-   Look into the best use of the Pandas Int64 and how best to draw missing data. 
-   Check HaImageProc verifies that the last image is complete
-   Hide x-axis labels on multi-stack, particularly for overview as can see extra numbers.

## Nice to haves
-   Generate HK Ess and Non-Ess Calibrated for the rest of the variables
-   Replace Temperature calibrations with a dictionary
-   Read in calibraitons from files rather than stored in software
-   Guareenteed way to distinguish between WAC and HRC CRs with just TM
-	Look into converting into archive database
-	Is it possible to heavily compress raw data
-   Set errors between 0 and 1 for a clear view
-   Plot points rather than lines
-   Scroll bar for viewing
-   Create a calculation array that stores useful temps, voltages, HRC etc.
-   Look at creating a nice interface for it all
-   Break into powered chunks that can be easily navigated
-   Also look for PanCam service errors such as 5,2
-   Automatically generated ICD from files
-   More checks of the data integrity

-   Setup PEP8 tools and ensure code is up to standard. 

## Completed
-   Integrate with git and visual code
-   Make pickle files have data and time tags error with first file created.
-   Go through File Parser and make consolidated up to image processing
-   For reading STDRaw files order is not sequential but 0, 1, 10, 11, 2, 20 etc. 
-   Generate HK Ess and Non-Ess RAW
-   Ensure comments label all parameters
-   Update decodeRAW_ImgHDR with new function
-   Switch from os module to the new python path module
-	Allow functions to check if a valid pickle file is found
-   Generate HK Ess and Non-Ess Calibrated for Key Variables
-   Change labels from 0,1,2,3 to WACL, WACR etc.
-   Plot these results.
-   A general log processing output that has all the text statements I've created stored in a log file.
-   Save all plots
